fix instructions for building documentation with doxygen (#1050)
root-project/web: for_developers/doxygen/index.md

## How to generate locally the doxygen documentation
Developers can generate the documentation locally to review the results of their changes

> before committing them to the repository. First compile and install ROOT, then the process is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before committing them to the repository. First build (and optionally install) ROOT, then the process is as follows:
```

{% highlight sh %}
$ cd <root_sources>/documentation/doxygen

> $ source <root_install_location>/bin/thisroot.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ source <root_install_or_build_location>/bin/thisroot.sh
```
